Move AWS Authentication to How-To and Update Getting Started with Geodesic (#533)
cloudposse/docs: content/tutorials/geodesic-getting-started.md

### 3. Apply our Terraform Project

Now that we've got some code to work with, let's apply it...

```bash
# Setup our terraform project
terraform init

# Apply our terraform project
terraform init -auto-approve
```

Sweet, you should see a successful `terraform apply` with some detailed `output` info on the original star wars hero! 😎

Just to show some simple usage of another tool in the toolbox, how about we pull apart that info and get that hero's name?

### 4. Read some data from our Outputs

Let's utilize [`jq`](https://github.com/stedolan/jq) to grab some info from that terraform project's output:

```bash
# Pipe our terraform project's output into jq so we can pull out our hero's name
terraform output -json | jq .star_wars_data.value.name
```

Again, without having to install anything, we've grabbed a tool from our toolbox and were able to use it without a second thought.

## Conclusion

> The beautiful thing about all of this is that we didn't need to install anything except Docker on our local machine to make this happen. Tools like `git`, `terraform` v0.14, and `jq` all involve specific installation instructions to get up and running using the correct versions across various machines/teams, but by using Geodesic we're able to quickly skip over all of that and use a container that includes them out of the box alongside [dozens of other tools as well](https://github.com/cloudposse/packages/tree/master/vendor). And with the mounting of our `$HOME` directory to `/localhost` of the container, our Geodesic shell just ends up being an extension of our local machine. That is why we call it a toolbox as it enables consistent usage of CLI tools across your entire organization!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The beautiful thing about all of this is that we didn't need to install anything except Docker on our local machine to make this happen. Tools like `git`, `terraform`(all versions), and `jq` all involve specific installation instructions to get up and running using the correct versions across various machines/teams, but by using Geodesic we're able to quickly skip over all of that and use a container that includes them out of the box alongside [dozens of other tools as well](https://github.com/cloudposse/packages/tree/master/vendor). And with the mounting of our `$HOME` directory to `/localhost` of the container, our Geodesic shell just ends up being an extension of our local machine. That is why we call it a toolbox as it enables consistent usage of CLI tools across your entire organization!
```

   1. **NOTE**: If you're running on Linux and using Geodesic, any files written to the `--volume` mounts will be owned by the user inside the container, which is `root`. [See here for potential workarounds](https://github.com/moby/moby/issues/3124#issuecomment-104936573).
1. Finally, after the image name, we're passing `--login`. This is the Docker `CMD` that we're passing to our image. Since we override the Docker `ENTRYPOINT` with a small bash script, our `--login` `CMD` results in calling `/bin/bash --login` which creates a new [bash login shell](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/Bash-Startup-Files.html).
   1. It's worth noting that since Geodesic `v0.143.2` ([PR #693](https://github.com/cloudposse/geodesic/pull/693)), you can now drop `--login` as default `CMD` will provide the same functionality.

The result of running this command should look like this:

![Geodesic Login Shell](/assets/geodesic-login-shell.png)

> ### 2. Pull our Tutorial Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Download our Tutorial Project
```

Great -- we've started up Geodesic so now let's do something with it. How about we pull a terraform project and apply it? To accomplish this, let's do the following:

```bash
# Change to our /localhost directory so that we can pull our project's code to our
# local machine as well as our docker container
cd /localhost

# Clone our tutorials repository

> git clone https://github.com/cloudposse/tutorials

Reviewer: I think we should keep this, but just because you asked... this is how with `terraform init`:

```
mkdir demo
terraform -chdir=demo init -from-module=git::https://github.com/Gowiem/tutorials.git//01-geodesic?ref=geodesic-tutorial
```

Note, this is the standard module notation for a `source`:
```
module "foobar" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/Gowiem/tutorials.git//01-geodesic?ref=geodesic-tutorial"
}
```

Author: Aha good to know -- Thanks for the info 👍

# Change to our tutorial code
cd tutorials/01-geodesic
```

Easy! And since we changed into our `/localhost` directory inside Geodesic, the `tutorials` project that we git cloned is available both in the container that we're running our shell in **and** on our local machine in our `$HOME` directory. This enables us to share files between our local machine and our container, which should start to give you an idea of the value of mounting `$HOME` into Geodesic.

### 3. Apply our Terraform Project

Now that we've got some code to work with, let's apply it...

```bash
# Setup our terraform project
terraform init

# Apply our terraform project
terraform init -auto-approve
```

> Sweet, you should see a successful apply and some detailed `output` info on the original star wars hero 😎

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sweet, you should see a successful `terraform apply` with some detailed `output` info on the original star wars hero! 😎
```

Just to show some simple usage of another tool in the toolbox, how about we pull apart that info and get that hero's name?

### 4. Read some data from our Outputs

Let's utilize [`jq`](https://github.com/stedolan/jq) to grab some info from that terraform project's output:

```bash
# Pipe our terraform project's output into jq so we can pull out our hero's name
terraform output -json | jq .star_wars_data.value.name
```

Again, without having to install anything, we've grabbed a tool from our toolbox and were able to use it without a second thought.

## Conclusion

> The beautiful thing about all of this is that we didn't need to install anything except Docker on our local machine to make this happen. `git`, `terraform` v0.14, and `jq` all involve specific installation instructions to get up and running using the correct versions across various machine / teams, but by using Geodesic we're able to quickly skip over all of that and use a container that includes them out of the box alongside dozens of other tools as well. And with the mounting of our `$HOME` directory to `/localhost`, our Geodesic shell just ends up being an extension of our local machine. That is why we call it a toolbox as it enables consistent usage of CLI tools across your entire organization!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The beautiful thing about all of this is that we didn't need to install anything except Docker on our local machine to make this happen. Tools like `git`, `terraform` v0.14, and `jq` all involve specific installation instructions to get up and running using the correct versions across various machines/teams, but by using Geodesic we're able to quickly skip over all of that and use a container that includes them out of the box alongside [dozens of other tools as well](https://github.com/cloudposse/packages/tree/master/vendor). And with the mounting of our `$HOME` directory to `/localhost` of the container, our Geodesic shell just ends up being an extension of our local machine. That is why we call it a toolbox as it enables consistent usage of CLI tools across your entire organization!
```
